Hello everybody, welcome to Harmontown!
As always, every Monday night here at Meltdown, the Nerdmelt Theatre in Hollywood, California,
Harmontown, it's once again in session to solve all the world's crises.
Once you welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmonn!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah...
Uhh, yeah.
We got lots to talk about.
Uhh...
Let's get right to it then.
Yeah.
I want to talk about the obvious thing later because it's a weird area.
I want to talk about it with friends because I was sealed off today, completely sealed off.
I was writing for Rick and Morty from bed at a deadline and I'm doing my pass on a script
so I was completely turned my phone off, didn't have the internet and it was kind of like,
and then Aaron called me from out in the world and told me about what happened in Boston today
which by the time you're hearing this as a recording, we'll have all these facts but it just happened today
and so what I want to talk about is actually just the craziness about it.
It's not like we're going to score noble points by not talking about it
nor are we going to score any other kind of point by talking about it.
It's endlessly fascinating of course and we should capitalize on it
but because it would be weird to talk about that first
and then talk about Aaron's leg.
I just like the brave new world we live in where you can come out and the audience shows up in Hollywood, California
and a guy comes out with a red solo cup in his hand and just reading off his phone for the first two minutes of the show.
I love it.
I was just holding it up. I'm not reading anything off of it.
This is what my phone says. This is my Evernote app.
It says Aaron's leg, wedding cake, Minecraft, Alex Space Jam, and Zardaz. That's what it says.
That sounds like a full lineup.
I get nervous so I stare at things. I'll put this away.
Aaron's not here tonight because she cut her leg.
Is she a cutter?
Answer the question.
I have these very low, low, thigh-high, tetanus-riddled, sharp, rusty, pirate yard lamps.
As you walk up the stairs to Danadoo and it was a long time coming.
Someone finally, while walking down them, I believe she was cutting a wide berth for her.
She was disembarking for one of Dustin's dates.
For those of you who listen to This Feels Terrible, her podcast, she had just finished recording like a date preamble.
They're doing this bachelor kind of thing where Dustin's going on dates with women that are throwing themselves at Dustin.
It's a horrible affair.
These lovely young ladies are coming over to my house where Farrell Audio is recording its podcast.
Sounds horrible.
Getting interviewed with Dustin and whatnot and then they leave for these dates.
Leaving this date for this date, Aaron escorting them out.
I think to be polite, finally walked close enough to one of these horrible, jagged, toothy cartilage.
I think they're made out of shark cartilage, these yard lights that I have.
They're green and yellow and they're supposed to be just black probably.
But I think they were made in the 1900s and just covered in tetanus.
And honed to her razor's edge right along the path just coated.
It's titanium laminated in tetanus.
So she scraped her thigh on it.
She's got this cut on her leg about the length of, let's say, I don't know what I'm holding up here.
A cigarette.
But the length of my penis looks like three inches.
Your penis is shaped and colored exactly like a cigarette if I'm not mistaken.
Yes.
An E-cigarette.
It has harmless water vapor in it.
But you can get it in any flavor.
Cocoa pebbles.
Why is this guy raising his E-cigarette?
Oh, you're holding up your E-cigarette.
Are you a vapor?
Are you vaping?
Yeah.
Do you vape indoors?
Yeah, at work.
I don't give a shit.
Are you a former smoker?
Yes.
Okay, so, hey, come up here.
What's your name?
I'm sorry, if you want to come up here.
I learned my...
Okay, yeah, because if you start crying or freaking out, I don't want to...
Hey, why did you come up here?
You told me to.
What's your name, sir?
You told me to come up here, dude.
I was drinking.
What's your name?
Tyler.
Tyler, everybody.
Welcome, Tyler.
Here we go.
Okay.
All right, an unexpected segment about E-cigarettes.
It's fun.
Then we'll talk about the worst terrorist attack in our country since 9-11.
But first, E-cigarettes.
Fat or fashion?
I don't know.
Okay, so there's water...
There's water vapor.
Yeah, water vapor.
Well, water vapor is the only emission.
It starts off with the chemical that is food coloring, which is...
We're not going to get into it.
Purple or glycerin.
Okay.
Flavor, and then however much nicotine you want.
Right.
So I know people who smoke E-cigarettes at work.
They're into it.
They're not into it.
I know someone who doesn't smoke at all and kind of got into it just because everyone else
at work was doing it.
Well, this is a new thing.
It's a new thing.
I'm going to bed next to my girlfriend today.
She comes back from getting her antibiotics.
She's holding a bag.
She goes, I got it.
I know I keep going off on our diet.
It's because I come for it and all this stuff.
She does this big monologue.
And I'm like, what is it going to happen?
There's this thing that ends with couples therapy.
It's my fault that we always eat mac and cheese.
She pulls out E-cigarettes.
Just today.
This is why I brought you up here.
For the both of you, like, his and hers E-cigarettes?
No, no.
I can't touch them for religious reasons.
I'll explain later.
I believe it.
But I want to know about this because she got zero nicotine E-cigarettes.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess you get kind of the experience from it.
You breathe in.
You're like, oh, something's going in.
You breathe out.
It has what they call a throat hit.
It has a throat hit.
That's the worst name, though.
Throat hit.
Like, oh, man, I got this 36 milligram.
It's got the best throat hit.
And guys in their basements modding power drill batteries into E-cig things.
Yeah, no.
What they're modifying.
There's something.
It looks like they're holding an electric screwdriver in their hands.
To get more nicotine?
Yeah.
So the battery causes the coil to heat faster so they get this.
Yeah, no.
They're like, I totally hacked my E-cigarettes.
Exactly.
No.
I put tobacco in it.
Exactly that.
I jail broke that motherfucker in there.
Basically.
I drove by a gas station and it said electronic cigarettes.
That sounds like a joke from a sketch group that was shitty 20 years ago.
Or a horrible 1994 direct-to-video movie set in the future with a lot of kickboxing in it.
A throat hit is a critical punch, sure.
That's true.
That's not what I mean.
I just mean like in Aliens, you see Sigourney Weaver lights up a cigarette and of course the prop masters say,
hey look, what is it going to be just like a marble red?
No, make it yellow.
Make it yellow.
Make it glow.
Throughout history we've been trying to figure out something that Bogart would do.
If your movie's set in the future, we've experimented with varieties.
Now we're living in the world.
It lights up with LEDs.
It lights up with LEDs and smoke comes out.
It's interesting.
And also of course when you introduce technology into people's mania and addictions,
you're going to have people in their basement soupin' them up.
That's exactly what it is.
You've got it, but it's as opposed to, I mean I suppose there's an element of it that's the techies kind of up in the hills.
Alright, what's your name?
Tyler.
So the big question for me is because my girlfriend came home today with e-cigarettes that she, as a non-smoker,
I quit when I was 32 and I cannot, I quit, I made a deal with God that I cannot go back on.
It's probably a good idea.
As much as I'm tempted to, because these things will look interesting to me,
I can't put one in my mouth because I don't know if God knows the difference.
Yeah?
And what I want to know is, what is she inhaling?
She's like all, she's like, well it's zero nicotine.
I'm like, yeah, but you're inhaling something.
I looked online, it's like, basically it's like...
So there's nothing burning, I mean there's nothing that is turning into a carcinogen.
You're not setting something on fire and inhaling it.
You're turning a chemical into vapor.
It's basically like you said, like food coloring in there.
I mean you're just, you're smoking food coloring with nicotine and flavor in it.
But it's not, you're not burning it, it's just turning into a vapor.
You hold down a button, it superheats a coil, you inhale it.
You're like, this is...
And it said the FDA says that there's no significant health risks.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I mean it's...
We're talking about the zero nicotine.
Sir Walter Rawley said the same thing about tobacco.
I mean, and the FDA says the same thing about...
Right, it's somewhere in the...
It's somewhere in the thousands of magnitude as bad for you as a normal cigarette.
Yeah, a millionth, it's a millionth.
Or more, yeah.
Some of them have a one millionth of whatever.
But while we're on the topic and I have you up here, so you're a former smoker.
Yes.
Now you're using e-cigarettes to quit or how long?
It's cheaper.
I can do it at my desk at work.
It doesn't matter.
It's a thing.
So I mean, I work at a video game company.
We're kind of cool kids.
Does it really fulfill the craving?
It does, though.
Look at him, he's ripped right now.
He's just jamming on nicotine then.
How do you know?
Because when I smoked, I quit at 32, you smoke down to the filter and then you put it out
so you have that satisfaction of the progress indicator.
So, you know, I have friends of mine who are packet A smokers.
I was never a packet A smoker.
I would pack every couple days or maybe if I was out drinking a packet A.
But mostly, like, I would pack every few days.
Like, I smoke just when I feel like it.
I get a couple puffs of it and then that's it.
Oh, okay.
That's like, I feel like, oh, I'm good.
We're good.
All right.
So nicotine, I learned in biology class.
I thought I remembered hearing this.
I thought nicotine was the carcinogen.
I thought that nicotine is a molecule that shaped like a roof shingle that flies like
a karate star into your lung tissue and has a one in a billion chance of cleaving your
cellular membrane into your DNA.
And just like, the reason why you eventually get lung cancer is because every puff you inhale
of nicotine is a one in a zillion, billion, zillion, billion, billion chance of one of
these throwing stars like cutting the exact part of your double helix that makes the cell
go, I want to make more cells.
Pretty much.
And nicotine in and of itself is fine.
That was a white trash guy, not a black guy.
Well done.
Nicotine in and of itself is fine.
Cancer is not a black caricature.
It's a dirty, white, poor person.
It was a little racist.
It was not racist.
What is the black enemy of the human genome?
Oh, do you want to hear black human genome?
What he would sound like?
Exactly.
I intend to create.
I intend to do so responsibly.
He sounds like a very articulate gentleman.
I woke up at nine this morning.
I brushed my teeth.
I have a wife that I love very much.
And I oversee the reproduction of various viscera to keep the human body alive.
What nationality is diabetes?
Italian.
Diabetes?
Oh, you never eat.
I have a cake.
I would have thought Hawaiian.
Oh, diabetes.
Or Greek.
It seems Greek.
It seems pretty Greek.
Diabetes stole sugar from Mount Olympus and was chained to a giant cake.
And an eagle sticks a dipstick into his liver.
Now, you said that Aaron came into your...
A couple of Greek mythology majors just had a conniption fit.
I don't think that's right.
He remembers the eagle.
So you said that Aaron got into your bed and she was singing the praises of e-cigarettes or what?
She came home with a bag because she wouldn't get antibiotics.
She came home.
She stopped at the gas station and by one of the ones there.
I don't know where she was, but she came home.
And I was just going like...
Like I said, I'm eight years, no smoking.
And I just flipped out.
So I started googling, even though I had writing to do.
It was ironic because while I was googling, there was this event that I'm describing earlier.
I wasn't googling the right things.
I just was like...
I was typing in things like, the truth about e-cigarettes.
That always leads you somewhere nice.
The bottom line right now is basically like...
It kind of smells like a fog machine for a second.
She's in bed next to me and she has this little plastic stick that she sucks on.
Unless you put your face in it, you're not going to get the scent of whatever the hell they flavored it with.
And it's called vaping.
And the kids are doing it.
They had to make a stupid verb out of it.
I hate that term, really.
I'm hanging out with this vaping.
What are you doing?
It's the worst.
Can you put drugs in them?
Can you put weed or hash?
That's the worst thing.
You could probably put hash oil.
If you hacked one, you could probably put some of that hash oil.
You probably could.
I'm just worried that they're going to ruin it for normal-looking people.
They have those hitters that are basically an e-cigarette, but you load them with hash oil.
I was talking to someone who's the pot smoker about, and they were like,
Man, no, because e-cigarettes, like, pot smokers, they're botanists, man.
We're not electronics, not so much.
Well, this botanist got to hold on one of these hash oil things.
I'm sure.
I like sucking on a pen and putting it down and enjoying Zardaz.
That's what it takes, right?
One, two, three.
Wait, wait, you're on hash drink Zardaz?
No, no.
Goddamn, that would be the worst.
I was about to be so jealous.
I was sober watching it, and that was...
Yeah, I watched it sober as a judge last night, and it was a bummer.
Alright, tangent-free night.
Let's thank Tyler and get him out of here.
Tyler!
The truth about e-cigarettes.
No tangents.
We're going to have an orderly night.
That was a brief one.
So, Erin is convalescing, but she wanted me to let you guys know, and I quote,
and I don't know if this is because the tetanus has gone to her brain or...
Or her e-cigarettes have been hacked.
I feel like moving in with me is doing weird things to her brain chemistry.
She said,
if any of you are getting married, she will make you a free wedding cake.
Erin, she's cake crazy.
Every 100% of the last 11 times I've been to your place has been a new cake.
And then I went down, she literally has made two cakes now that are miscellaneous cakes.
The first one, we edited it out of the last episode because it wasn't very compelling audio-wise.
Fucker got a cake for his birthday here, right?
It was just, she just wrote, she'll make a cake, and then at a loss, she'll write,
like, yay!
Exclamation point on the cake, and then give it to me and go, bring this to work,
and I'll bring it to work, and I'll go, yay!
So, how old did she get?
28.
28, that's too young for dementia, right?
I mean, yeah, I mean, it's not too young to invent a new thing to be wrong with your brain.
Dan has, as we believe, we've spoken of his Game of Thrones party at Danadoo,
and we were there last night, and Erin makes cakes that are drawings.
Last week was Peter Dinklage.
She made a Dinklage that looked a lot like Cobain, but last night, she made a whip-ass Jon Snow.
Even I knew it was Jon Snow, like, good Jon Snow.
That was a good Jon Snow.
I went down to the kitchen to get some water, or get a glass of some water,
and there's four other boxes of unmade cake mix.
There's proto-cakes already.
She's losing her mind.
Two words.
Citizen Kane.
Remember jigsaw puzzles?
Well, yeah, you did call it Danadoo.
Yeah.
It's too close.
I like to stand in the corner while she's making cakes in the shadows and go,
why are you doing that?
Another cake.
I make them because I like to make them.
You should change the line.
You make a cake, and then people eat it.
What's the point?
There's empires out there, newspapers to own.
I haven't seen Citizen Kane in a long time.
I don't know what he said there.
All right.
Moving right along.
Let's knock this one off the list.
Hey, Alex, thank you for the Space Jam DVD.
Some guy named Alex.
Oh, Jeremy.
It was Jeremy, wasn't it?
Jeremy.
I'm holding a Space Jam DVD with a cigar post.
This is Jeremy on it.
I have neither met nor heard of any of this.
I don't know what's going on.
How did I get Alex out of Jeremy?
And I'm making fun of my girlfriend for making cakes.
All I do is destroy lives.
Wait, wait, wait.
So what are we supposed to do?
Who's Jeremy?
Jeremy, are you here?
All right.
Alex, stand up.
You won a DVD.
No, I'm kidding.
Oh, Jeremy.
You kept calling me on that other show.
Right.
Weird.
I don't know.
There must be some dot in my head that's connected to Jeremy.
Wait, so this is a gift to Dan?
No.
It's a person who was talking about it on the other show.
You're supposed to do the show.
Oh, give it to her?
Yeah.
Oh, who was that girl?
Who was the girl that came up and loved Space Jam?
It was your favorite movie.
That was days ago.
I want to say Lizette.
No, that was yes, though.
She's not here, is she?
I think it was...
There was a Space Jam apologist among you people.
So, she'll turn up.
All right.
Well, Jeremy, you brought this for her?
Well, I brought it for the show.
Are you trying to fuck...
Space Jam, man.
This is the most elaborate come-on I've ever seen in my life.
Well, then.
He's trying to fuck Harmontown.
He's Goldberg-ing.
Adam, hey, Adam, are your brothers okay?
They're in Boston, right?
Yeah.
All right.
But don't pop the quirk on all the Boston talk.
I want to bring up Camille and talk about it.
Adam Goldberg, everybody.
All right.
First things first.
There's a giant Velcro...
Back brace.
Back brace, okay.
It gets attached to something.
What happened?
Yeah.
You know how I kept saying I had a job
and I wasn't going to come to Harmontown anymore?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, one of those is true and one of those is false.
You're on the false one.
You're like both Dory's and the Labyrinth.
The false one is you not coming here anymore.
Yeah.
All right.
But I didn't lose my job because I had workman's comp
and didn't get injured.
That was a tortured sentence.
I also had a true false.
My brothers are fine.
My college went into lockdown and we had domestic terrorism
in my fair city, Boston, which I'm not going to talk about
until Camille gets here.
Your role, not mine.
Were your brothers able to get a hold of you?
Yeah.
Because it's totally locked down.
Yeah, they just faced so many other ways to connect
to people that aren't cell phones.
Yeah, that's true, isn't it?
Just got text, got an email, got all this stuff.
The police have put an IM lockdown on the city of Boston.
AIM is completely down.
ICQ is not working due to the high call volume.
Only emoticons are able to get through.
People are winking at each other.
I posted on Facebook today that there's a tragedy in my hometown
and Facebook is like, do you want to add a smiley to this?
Three people have been vaporized by bombs in a place
you used to go to get coffee.
How about a winky face?
That's Facebook's line, not mine.
I want that to be a jet pack.
I want it to be a battery pack.
For our listeners, Adam has taken off his gray hoodie
and revealed what can only be described as a girdle.
I was going to say, it's trust-like.
Before you took your hoodie off,
I was about to ask you how you stay so thin.
Running from bombs.
No.
I can make that joke.
Adam, see?
That's why I...
That's the one line you can't cross.
Also the finish line.
You can't cross.
Holy shit!
Hey-o!
I can very...
Will you please just put the pedal to the metal and do more Boston bombing jokes?
Just Basie Barrett, just give it all.
It's really embarrassing for me
because this has been 20 years since Boston's last race riot.
It's a little embarrassing history for Bostonians.
Just connecting verbal dots.
There's people rolling around in agony.
You're just like, this word reminds me of another word.
You also say Boston's...
You say Boston's last race riot with the sound of inevitability for the next one.
If you've seen how we've treated any athletic star who can't pass the paper bag test,
you know Boston is a good place for race riot sounds like athletic race riot jokes.
Now, by the time this podcast airs,
you will be able to assemble that last sentence
by going back several times,
but I believe that you'll...
Wait, are you saying you were involved in that?
Yeah, it's a tragedy,
but at some point, as a comedian,
your brain just automatically makes terrible,
jazzle-necky-and-jokes about it.
You just go to the jazzle mix in Illinois.
I mean, it's a tragedy,
but to heap tragic comedy on top of it.
Like, bombs are bad, puns are worse.
I thought I'd come up here and bomb on the other...
I thought I'd come up here and show that not all the bombs are in Boston.
Thank you.
All right, Adam Wilber.
It was worth a try.
Get well soon, would you?
Yo.
Oh, thank you.
Gentlemen, just compliment my haircut.
That was very pleasant.
Thank you, sir. You're not so bad yourself.
That was an interesting social phenomenon.
Adam Goldberg embodied it,
which before the Internet,
when I was a kid,
I remember when this grade of national tragedy would happen,
my mind goes back to the space shuttle Challenger.
The next day on the playground,
there's all this conversation about it,
and then there's the six jokes that everybody...
And they're just awful.
And they're almost like...
They're vicious, too.
Are they vicious, or are they kind of like...
Here's the thing.
They're not funny enough to be okay.
If you're going to tell a funny joke after 9-11,
it has to be a beautifully crafted joke.
Like Warren Thomas had a goodie.
Well, they have to be beautifully crafted to what end, though,
because no one wants to actually laugh about it.
Like if Oscar Wilde said something piffy about it,
people are getting blowed up.
It has to create release to go like...
It's not diminishing it.
It's saying, like, here's the pressure valve.
And just for a second, I go...
There's a rodeo clown effect there.
But that's not an apt metaphor,
because I think we all know that rodeo clowns
are like really superior,
like kind of like bull handlers.
Those are the real craftsmen, blah, blah, blah.
There's someone raising their hand.
Benign violation theory.
What's that?
Would you like to come up?
Get the fuck up here with that, yeah.
It's a town meeting.
Harmontown's got new life briefs into it.
Yeah, if you're going to say three words that interesting,
you have to come up with it.
The divine violation theory?
No, no, no. Benign.
Benign?
Yeah.
Violation theory.
I think as a Harvard professor,
I came up with this theory that in order for humor to be funny,
it has to be benign and deviant.
If it doesn't fulfill both of those things, it isn't funny.
Because if it's not benign, you see it as a threat.
Right.
And if it's not deviant, it's boring.
Deviant in which way?
Deviant as in...
From the accepted path.
So can you give us a, for instance, is there a...
Can you pull one out?
And in the case...
So to continue this theory,
I think we can also benign, but deviant things are easier to do
when they're not in the face of something as sobering
as a national tragedy.
And that is why when these very serious things happen
that everyone can agree are very serious and painful,
actually the worst kind of...
And when I say worst, I don't mean the most caustic,
the most tough crowd with Colin Quinney.
I mean the dumbest, the fozibarriest,
like, punniest, dumbest kind of jokes come out
because in order to prove that they're benign
in the face of flesh being torn and the unignorable stink
of political motivation in the air
and not to mention the political motivation
that's going to be cultivated from it.
In order to be benign, you have to be pretty stupid.
The joke has to be just dumb as bricks.
Well, let's consider everybody loves Raymond.
Not funny to most of us, right?
I've actually never seen an episode of it, I don't know.
Well, there is a demographic that sees his humor
as deviating from the norm.
Yeah.
Let's all pray for them tonight.
You did it. That was benign and deviant.
You did it.
I'm sorry, continue. I didn't mean to derail you.
No, no, that was the only example I could think about.
I'm sorry.
Well, wait, no, but it seems like you were building to a point.
No, no, no, no.
You're just saying that it's a contextual thing.
It's a subjective thing.
To my mom, deviation is like not kneeling
and my mom doesn't kneel anywhere.
To my mythical mom, to grandma.
Yeah, there's no joke that you could say
that would be funny to everybody across the board
in the face of a crisis.
What was your name, sir?
Okay, Bill. Well, let's thank Bill
because we got so much things. Thank you, Bill.
All right.
It's the theory of benign deviance.
I mean, yeah.
Yeah, like, I think that's interesting
because the jokes get dumber
when the tragedy is unmistakable.
And, you know, that theory, such as it is a theory.
I want to say this. By no means do I want this to be funny.
It's not a joke. I'm not saying it's a joke.
I do not want a joke as a response to this.
But there are people when you watch the footage
of the marathon runners coming across the finish line.
Some of them are just coming across the finish line
when things go boom.
And for a split second, their hands are still in the air.
They don't know if that's fireworks going on.
They don't know what the fuck is going on.
Other people are in front of it. They see debris.
They're running for the other side of the street.
But also, there are people that are probably going to finish
in an hour, like they've been running for three or four hours.
It seems like, sorry, that three or four hours that you ran,
like the marathon is over.
That trickles back along a huge route, like a mile-long thing.
It's a very weird thing to go on.
Wait, how do you mean? What do you mean?
There's going to be somebody that's just going to,
at some point you're running and it's going to stop you.
The marathon's over.
Somebody blew up the finish line.
The experience of...
Yeah, I hadn't even thought about that.
The subjective experience of a person who is a mile from...
Doing this thing that...
Who has run 22 and a half miles.
And they have every right and reason to believe
that what they're undergoing is this cataclysmic experience.
I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that.
There's people that, your minds are wobbly.
Your legs are wobbly.
I think it was a guy that falls down in that footage.
In my mind, I don't know. It didn't look like he was hit.
It just looks like people's legs are about to give at that moment anyway.
And he heard this big shock.
I don't know if it was he or she, actually.
And somebody just kind of tumbled to the ground.
Well, I will say the thing that you said you're not saying,
which is interesting to me.
I'll be the bad guy and talk about this.
Because I remembered 9-11.
And I remember this.
Please appreciate my candor and don't punish me
for communicating something about human psychology.
Because the easiest thing in the world for me
would be to not share this with you and be a good person.
But the year that 9-11 happened,
there were Emmys same as every year.
Only the year that 9-11 happened, because there was 9-11,
the Emmys were downplayed.
There was no red carpet, for instance.
It's funny how that national psychology happens.
It's like, yeah, I guess it makes sense.
Like, what are we supposed to do?
9-11 just happened.
Let's not roll out. Let's not watch Jennifer Aniston
talk about what she's wearing.
Not because it has anything to do with anything,
but just because it just doesn't seem right.
And I agree with that.
It's odd.
And yet, I live in this universe where it's like,
that's the most important thing in the world, the Emmys.
And my mind went there when I thought about all the writers
who were nominated and not nominated
and nominated hoping to win
or not having a chance to win.
And I'm just thinking about the lives building to this point
and then this 9-11 thing, like making their Emmys like not a thing.
I was just thinking of like, it's not a proud thing.
It's just like humanity consists of two things.
It consists of a big throng of gelatinous,
like societal collective.
And it exists of all these little remarkable little snowflakes.
Also, their own little egos and their own little motivations.
The motivation was for the people or persons that did this thing.
What a fucking crappy thing to do is bomb the stands at the finish line of a race.
Where it's going to almost certainly be friends and family.
Like people that mean nobody any fucking harm at all.
Where are you gonna...
I mean, I just like...
I don't know why I'm having that.
It's another funny thing that I wanted to talk about.
I was standing at the foot of Aaron's bed,
laid up with her, she's gonna take antibiotics and not come to the show.
And she mentioned Boston and I was up the door.
I was like, so nobody knows what's going on.
And I suddenly realized that I had an opinion.
I'm telling you, I'm completely sealed off from the entire thing.
I could tell you in 15 seconds,
everything that I've actually heard about this,
because even in the green room I was telling people don't,
because I think it's actually weird that I was in a bubble today
and I only know multiple bombs went off at the finish line of the Boston Marathon
and scores hundreds of people are horribly injured
and that there's all kinds of gore all over the internet
and that three people are confirmed dead and one of them's a kid.
So I know all that and I know that everybody's trying to figure out
what the fuck happened and that there's a huge blackout,
that cell phones are blacked out because cell phones can be used to activate bombs.
And then I found out in the green room that there's more bombs.
But I want to bring Camille up in a second because he specifically,
he was the opposite of me today.
He was on Twitter and he was telling me before the show
about how his subjective truth was changing every 30 minutes.
But I just wanted to say one thing that I thought was so strange psychologically
as I was standing at the foot of our bed about to leave for the show
and Aaron mentioned something about Boston and I must have said something like,
do they know? Do they know who did it yet?
And she's like, no.
And I said something like, I don't know, this doesn't seem very al-Qaeda-ish.
And I'm like, what am I, Bruce Wayne now?
Who the fuck do I, what am I talking about?
I just think that's such a funny thing.
I had to turn the news off because in that whirlwind,
right after a big event happens, it's an earthquake or it's a robbery
or Charlie Sheen makes a phone call or whatever.
Nobody has any facts, so it's a lot of allege.
But then in my brain immediately without any like five seconds
and my brain chemistry is immediately I'm Val Kilmer sitting in front of a bank of computer.
This isn't the Riddler's style.
Why am I on the case? Why is my brain on the case at all?
Dumb, stupid.
Why isn't your brain not on the case?
But why in this comic book world?
Why isn't my brain on the case of who can I help?
Who do you think did it?
I'm not being glib again.
If you had to guess right now, what do you think is the motive or are the people responsible?
And I'm not being, I mean, and Erin said this in response,
she said, she said kind of like she was intrigued by the thought presence
of like, because it's too specific, you know, it's too, it's like, what, you are,
we should bring Camille up.
I think we want to talk to him about this.
I didn't want to go too much further down this road because I feel like, I, I, I, I, all of a sudden,
the human mind is incredible.
I mean, we're cavemen that were able to create stories out of the fact that we live and die.
In a vacuum, we do what cheetahs and giraffes and mosquitoes do.
We come into a world, we realize we're in it, and then we go away.
But unlike giraffes and cheetahs and mosquitoes, in the span of time that we're here,
we go, oh, you hear that thunder?
That thunder is Zeus.
He's been rollerskating again.
And the kids go, what's the rollerskating?
And we go, well, rollerskating is what happens when it's done.
And we just fill our heads.
Our brains branch out and we create beauty and poetry and dancing and festivals
and, and, and we reach out, we touch each other, we save each other's lives,
we take bullets for each other, but we also, we go like, well, you know, black people.
You know, you put one on a drive-thru and you know, you know, we have that.
That's a new one.
That same computer is constantly.
I didn't know about black Netherlands drive-thru.
You've never been behind a black person in a drive-thru.
What are they doing?
What are the black people doing in drive-thru?
I wish I could tell you, but we got so much to do tonight.
What?
No tangents. No tangents.
Shoot it next week.
It's interesting because the mic stand broke off.
First of all, to answer your question, I hope it's a crazy white guy
or like an Asian lady because we haven't seen them do
just for the novelty of it.
And also I just don't want it to be a brown person again.
I really don't.
What horse do you have on this race?
I just want any of the horses that are not brown.
I don't know, are they winning the race? What's going on?
First of all, my race riot puns have been taken.
Yeah, so that's a real thing if you are...
Well, here's the thing.
If it's like a crazy white guy, then it's just a crazy white guy.
If it's a crazy brown guy, then it's a fucking conspiracy and all.
It turns this whole thing.
I just want it to be not...
I was thinking how frustrating it would be if you were just like a McVeigh,
a unabomber, manifesto kind of crazy guy who just happens to be from Saudi Arabia.
He'd be so...
Because everyone's like, oh yeah, of course he's Al-Qaeda.
He's like, no, I've got my own thing going on.
He's like, read my manifesto.
You mean the Quran? No.
I don't even... I'm an atheist.
No, my mom gave it to me.
She gave it to me. I'm not religious.
I'm just like, honey bees are going to take over the hummingbirds.
But I'm way crazier than you think I am.
This is not institutionalized craziness.
But if you're a crazy manifesto guy that lives in Saudi Arabia,
but you're also lazy, you're like, I'm on Easy Street.
I walk right into this one.
You know what this vein of gold is?
It's benign and deviant.
It's a safe pocket away from anyone mistaking us
for not, you know, having our prayers in grief
with the families of the loved ones.
Sorry, I ruined it.
But it makes sense what you're saying.
What Adam was doing, when you make like base jokes
when something big, when you perceive to be big happens,
it's because you're trying to make sense of the world.
It's the same as saying that thunder is loose.
You're trying to put structure on it.
So if something happens that you can't understand,
well, if you make a joke about it, then it becomes smaller,
something you can process, something you can have.
And here's the thing that I think is really interesting about that.
Well, everything's interesting about it.
Why do I have to point out one thing that's interesting about it?
But the thing that captivates me about it
is that it's a channel to accountability.
A six-year-old on a playground making a joke about Liberace dying of AIDS
or what Rock Hudson, when I was a kid, it was like AIDS was being invented.
And then there were all these Rock Hudson died
and there were all these weird jokes about, you know,
walking in AIDS and, you know, it was like cooties became a real fun thing
and insensitivity ran rampant.
And then the space shuttle Challenger, when I was 12, blew up.
And I'm just like, what does NASA stand for?
A variety of hilarious things that all have to do with not appreciating the fact
that seven people blew up.
But the interesting thing about that is that it all,
knocking on wood, not walking under a ladder,
cats crossing your path, it's superstition and religion and benevolence
and hatred, cruelty, politics, YouTube comment sections.
Humanity, unlike cheetahs and giraffes and eel and mosquitoes,
we reach these tendrils out into a completely chaotic universe
that for all intents and purposes, for every signal that it sends to us,
doesn't give a fuck what happens.
You can't control when it rains.
You don't know who's going to get cancer.
You don't know why Ugg dropped dead and Blug Blug didn't.
But we insist upon reaching out into the world
and I don't think we characterize it by going like,
oh, we're afraid of everything we don't understand
so we try to make sense of it.
Okay, granted, but the flip side of that coin trying to make sense of the unknown
is a lot easier to hide from the unknown.
I'm not saying it's a bad thing.
No, I'm not correcting you on anything.
I'm not arguing.
I'm just like, this is amazing.
When a little kid makes a joke about the space shuttle blowing up,
that little kid doesn't know it,
but his unconscious brain is reaching out into the world
and claiming responsibility for seven people blowing up in a space shuttle.
That little child is apotheosizing, if that's a word.
He's becoming God.
He's going like, well, this thing happened
and here's what I got to say about it.
Doodoo's and butt butts.
We are, we are, and so talk about your experience on Twitter today.
Oh, it was just weird because I, so I was driving back from Big Sur today
and I don't know.
What a life.
Yeah, geez, it's rough.
I was driving back and just sort of like,
you were flying back on a private jet,
you were driving back like any old asshole.
Yeah, but he's probably like...
He's kind of gone to little sir.
He knows what he's doing.
I just wanted to drop that I can afford some of the hotels in Big Sur right now.
And guests.
Well, but it...
Even the trees are bigger out there.
Everything's awesome.
It's like heaven on earth.
So I'm driving back.
It really wants me to...
It's a big story.
Like the first thing I wanted to do is write a movie about a guy wanting to write a movie
about writing a write a movie.
This feels like every shitty meta.
Yeah, there's no perspective there.
It's all like we are clearly...
All I want to know is I want to be a writer.
Yeah.
Look at all these trees and dirt.
I think it ties in well to what you were saying is that part of,
I think what we, because our brains are so smart,
we're trying, it's all about power and control.
And control is predictability saying why thunder is happening,
it's because Zeus is angry.
Why did certain things happen?
Because these other things happen.
So I was on Twitter.
I didn't have access to like radio.
So the only thing I had was like just refreshing Twitter over and over and see.
And like you would see like something small would get reported
and then someone would hear it.
And then because it's hundreds of people on Twitter repeating it,
it would become the truth.
So at some point it was that some Saudi national was the guy.
And so then that became the truth for like a half hour.
I was like, fuck my people are at it again, you know.
And that became the truth.
But it's also, that's also part of people being like,
it would, I think most people are like,
it would make most sense if it is al-Qaeda.
Then it's a threat we already have.
We know what that is.
It sucks, but that's what that is.
So people, there was like a sense of relief almost.
People were like tweeting that because I said,
I hope it's a white guy.
Just because I think that's inherently not politicized.
And people would respond to me like sort of like,
like bragging that like, look, it's one of your people.
Like I got a ton of people.
What do you mean?
I said, I hope it's a crazy white guy.
Most people understood what I said.
And so you entered into an unspoken almost like,
like if you're watching The Bachelor with somebody and going like,
I hope he gives the flower to Cynthia and sort of Veronica.
There's just like an automatic kind of, I told you.
Yeah. A lot of people are like, well, sorry to burst your bubble.
I swear someone said that and then linked me.
I'm like, are you, is there a glee that it's,
do you think it's like a guy from the Middle East?
And I think there really is a little bit because that's a known threat.
And that's a way to compartmentalize and control the situation
or at least have some power over it is no like,
Oh, we know these are the bad guys.
It's Dr. Doom again. You know, that's why like people,
even in movies, like superhero movies,
people like when it's like Riddler or whatever,
they don't like like, who's the fuck is this new guy?
I want it to be a new Dr. Doom because I don't want,
I don't want to live in a world where, I mean,
as I was, we're speaking about the cartoon parts of our brains
that are thinking these things.
First of all, why do we think we know things?
Second of all, why do we want certain things over other things?
That's what's interesting to me.
Given no, none of us are in forensics.
None of us are in politics.
None of us are like, but we all have opinions.
We all have theories.
And as I was saying,
I'm like a weird guinea pig in this experiment
because I knew nothing was exposed to nothing.
Well, what's interesting in nothing?
And immediately had opinions and leads
and where you can start your investigation.
The Joker usually leaves a clue at the scene.
There were no cards found.
So it wasn't him, but it's true.
And my girlfriend called me on it and said like,
because it would be weird if Al-Qaeda loved,
like was so into something as specific as a Boston Marathon.
And I was like, yeah, yeah, I guess.
What am I, like an Al-Qaeda expert?
A manhunter?
I'm in the mind of my enemy.
Two things, one, it doesn't seem like their style,
whatever that is.
Two.
Who does it mean?
Their style is airplanes going into a building that no longer exists.
The scope is a little smaller unless it's got fucked up.
I mean, I think it was supposed to be a bigger event than it was.
Well, that's why it sucks if it's one guy who just happens to Middle Eastern
who's like, I'm just going to do this one thing on mine.
But the thing what you were saying, I want to say this real quick,
what you knew just from the four senses is what all of us know.
But if you're following the news cycle,
you just like, things happen and they become truth and then it's false
and then it's truth and then it's false.
But all the things you said, which is like three people die,
there's how many people are injured, there's where it happened,
that is all we know still.
That is all we know.
So you don't know anything.
Here's a really weird question.
What's more racist?
This or that?
The whole audience is going to lean in imperceptibly.
Is it more, are you more racist and jingoistic or whatever phrase you want to use?
This is a half-year grade, you guys.
If you hope it was a Middle Easterner, let's say,
I'm not even going to say Al-Qaeda, let's say,
or if you hope it was, as you say, a crazy white guy,
as a liberal white 40-year-old guy sitting in my house in Los Angeles,
my immediate hope, and this is all instinctive and I'm being honest about it,
I didn't have time to connect any of these dots consciously.
This is what happened in my brain chemistry when I heard the news.
I hope and hope that it is a crazy white guy
and I haven't asked myself yet why I hope that.
Part of it is self-preservation.
I want to have a kid with Aaron and I don't want my kid to grow up in a...
That's your feet to kick time traveling back.
He's like, please do it!
Aaron made it after all.
Yeah, he's saying the penicillin worked so well.
Adam Goldberg applauded because he wants to have a kid
that will come over to that kid's playground uninvited and swing next to him.
And do puns based on the newest tragedy.
I know where all the good water fountains are.
The thing is, my uncle had spina bifida and he doesn't tend to go there,
but pipes is pipes, I don't know.
I think a crazy white guy is better.
Well, a crazy white guy is clean and simple.
And it makes everything feel like a David Fincher film.
It's just one guy.
As opposed to a conspiracy or an ideology.
Adam, Adam, don't blow us up.
Don't blow us up, please.
But am I...
Aren't I, on a deeper Noam Chomsky level,
more racist and more part of the evil
to hope that it wasn't the Visigoths
that spit on the wall of Rome?
Why do you say that?
Because I want to think that they're gone.
Because I don't want them in the picture.
Doesn't that make me...
I want to think.
I don't want to raise my child, my beautiful rich white child,
in a world where the Legion of Doom is still operative.
Well, I think this is what it is.
I think you know the Legion of Doom is still operative, right?
You know there's always going to be...
when you're the most prosperous country in the world.
I think we all know a lot of stuff that we don't consciously deal with.
Sure, sure.
But I think what would be good, from my perspective,
I'll tell you why.
I don't know what your perspective is.
My perspective, it's good if it's not a white guy,
is because I remember right after 9-11 happened
and like the shit that people would say to me on the street.
It's a very, you know, you think about yourself,
you personalize it.
I don't want that stuff happening to me again.
I don't want that shit happening to me.
And also, if it's a white guy, it's just one white guy.
If it's a brown guy, it's all the brown people are somehow accountable.
That's just how it happens.
That's how I see it happening on Twitter.
I would see the looks.
It's interesting.
Like, I live in LA, I go to New York,
but when I go to Ohio, I get looks.
I swear.
I was like, why is that guy looking at me?
I'm like, oh, right.
This was a look I was used to 10 years ago,
but since I've moved to New York or LA,
I don't get that look anymore.
I wonder if it'll ever be a woman.
We're just saying guy, brown guy, white guy,
this guy, that guy.
It's never a woman.
A lot of suicide bombers are women,
because they don't pat them down.
This is true.
I don't know why.
I have a smile.
It's just the only reach up to the resistance.
The what?
Erin said that's only to find the vagina at TSA checkpoints,
because she always opts out when they tell her,
I'm going to reach up to the resistance.
That's what they say?
When they push the resistance, I'm like,
you're telling me, sister.
Viva la resistanz.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
I had a thought in my head,
no, I have none of your motivations.
Your subjective motivations.
Yeah, which are very subjective.
But I'm not saying they're noble at all.
They're not noble.
No, of course.
Noble or not.
Yeah, because I could say,
well, if it's a guy that lived on Franklin,
they'll close off Franklin.
I won't be able to get to my haircut appointment.
Yeah, there's subjective reasons.
And you have a very subjective reason
that I don't have that you pointed out.
And beyond that though,
I want to know in my white brain,
why do I want it to be a white guy?
And I don't think it's because I'm a hero.
I think it's less of a threat if it's a white guy.
Yeah, it just feels more like a comic book.
It feels like a Batman movie.
It's like, oh, who's this guy?
People are just strapping themselves up with a bunch of shit.
Everyone knows how to make a bomb.
We've covered how to turn a cell phone into a weapon.
Everybody knows how to do it.
Anybody who's had a bad week,
a giant cocksucker and blew up a bunch of people,
that to me is worse than some dedicated foe that we hate.
It was the penguin.
And we know that we're after this organization.
We can't get him, but we're trying our heart.
That's one thing.
But if it's just every disenfranchised lunatic out there
that wants to go make a point,
that's what's freaky because there's something about the fact
that appears to be a couple low-level trashcan bombs
that blew up 150 people or whatever.
That's kind of low scope.
You could go a lot bigger than that with just by being an asshole.
And now we're going to, like you said earlier, Dan,
it's not just the politics that go into why someone does shit like that.
It's how that shapes the world we live in after this now.
And everything gets a little bit funkier,
a little bit more security cameras, a little bit more.
Now we're all watching each other.
And somebody very weirdly, but astutely pointed out today,
like, look, there's cameras everywhere.
It's a finish line to race.
Everyone's got their phones out.
They're going to be going through all that shit.
And if they're going to be looking for people of different ethnicity
carrying backpacks, that's everybody there.
Because lots of people from all over the world
have their best friend waiting at the finish line
to give them a fucking power bar and some Gatorade and some shit.
Well, I thought what you were going to say is
if they're going to be looking for people of different ethnicity
carrying backpacks, they're going to be able to focus on those people
more easily than people who blended in that were wearing backpacks.
But the line-up's going to be long
because it's a bunch of people holding knapsacks out there
and stuff like that.
The other thing I want to say is that I don't want this to be
a political statement at all.
I really don't.
And I said this on Twitter and I got a lot of shit for it.
Here's also, and honestly, I'm not trying to downplay anything.
Fuck Mexicans.
No, no, no.
You deleted that one, right?
No, I did.
But honestly, kind of fuck Mexicans.
Like, what's a gordita?
I don't get it.
Like, yeah.
How soft do your tacos have to get?
Yeah, yeah.
Choco taco?
The ice cream taco?
The point is to eat the crispiness.
Yeah.
Get your shit together.
Choco is just a cone in a different shape.
We're all onto you.
Don't make us give Texas back.
Give us some tater tots or something.
You know what I mean?
If it turns out to be a Mexican terrorist that did this,
how does that affect the brown people's standpoint of yours?
Oh, we're cool.
We're, like, good.
They're because of an eye shape and eyebrows and the last name.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Look how...
I was going to say something horribly raising.
Do it.
No, no, no.
No one's going to tell anybody.
Anybody can hear this.
Here's the one thing I want to say is that I grew up in Pakistan
and the one thing Americans don't have that we had,
that Americans have that we didn't have,
Americans have this assumed sense of security,
which is a huge privilege and it's a luxury
and most of the people in the world do not have that.
I know I didn't have it.
And just, there were, like, bombs in Iraq today
and 42 people died.
And I'm not saying you make the strategy smaller,
but any time you read about a bomb happening
in another part of the world,
try and remember how it felt here to have that happen to,
with three people dying in Boston,
and how that must feel for the people over there.
I think that's a very important...
People, yeah.
Doesn't it feel weird when you get applause
and then you feel like, I didn't do that for applause.
I think when people, you read about bombs all the time,
bombs in Syria, and it always, like, just goes off of you.
You think it's just, like, some other world that's happening.
But that's the world.
People are living their lives there
and they love their kids and they like the food
and they have, you know, favorite ice cream flavors or whatever.
So just remember how awful this is
and even now how distant you are from it
and how it happens to people all over the world.
And it's like a more of a fact of life for a lot of people.
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, that's, like, yeah, that is the, like, the...
The fucked up thing is that when you're...
When you're a fat, rich, white, 40-year-old,
video game-loving, wheat-thin eatin',
like, community-createin',
if I could drinkin', community-createin',
hangin' out, doin' your showin', guyin',
like, the only time these conversations happen
is when this stuff happens.
And it's when this stuff happens that you think
that exact thought that I do, that I go,
oh, I wonder how many people, like, you know,
I wonder what's going on on the planet
and why this is a bigger deal.
And if I chime in with that sentiment at that point,
I couldn't be a bigger hypocrite because it's like,
I had my chance to give a fuck about whether people lived or died
and I didn't.
So then, did Noam Chomsky chime in when it happens?
It's like, you're the worst of both worlds
because you're eating Twinkies while everyone's dyin'
and then schoolchildren get shot and the thing
and then if I choose to go, well, compared to what happens.
Well, I mean, it's not compared to,
it's not trying to downplay anything.
It's just saying people who are very rotted
and feeling a lot of things.
And if I say this two days from now,
people aren't gonna be feeling that anymore.
The bubble of security will be back.
If you say that today, like, what you feel right now,
how raw and hurt and painful it feels,
that's like a real feeling for a lot of people in the world
all the time.
And that's not to downplay anything.
It's just because someone died somewhere else
and those are bomb, doesn't mean you can't enjoy your video games.
It just means, you know, just be aware.
It's a big world and, you know...
Yeah, well, I do think, yeah, we've entered a world where we...
I'll tell you, it's gonna be a tough segue into D&D after this.
But a welcome one.
I don't think so at all.
I think if you listen to last week's recording,
you're like, well, there's an example of nothing going wrong
in the world and nothing being sensitive
and it's just a shit piece of shit show.
I thought the show was good.
Did you think the show was bad?
I blame myself.
This is a boring turd laying inside.
Was it boring?
Yeah, I think so.
You forgot a belt.
Nope.
It's because I forgot a belt.
Or it's because the microphone didn't work
when I stepped out.
I don't know what it is.
I listened to it when I edited it.
Again, you're trying to find, like, a reason for something happening.
You're trying to put structure on it.
Anyway, but no, but what I'm saying is, no,
I like what I like about Harmontown is that
there's absolutely nothing about something horrible happening
that precludes the possibility of people being smart and fun
and...
And playing D&D.
...touching each other.
That's awesome.
No matter how bad things are,
D&D will always happen on Harmontown.
But yeah, something sticks in my head about what you were saying.
That's a duet on the point.
I think you put it succinctly.
Creature born in 73 and being raised throughout the 80s.
And we've entered this world now.
It's a globalized world.
And we're just so conditioned now.
The news...
Now we don't even watch the news.
Now it's just we get all the information through this kind of trickle charge.
But it's still a child of Tom Brokaw.
It's a child of CNN.
It's a child of all that old media.
And it's kind of like, oh, did you hear the news today?
The news in America, it's like this proudly isolationist kind of like heritage where we go.
Somehow before you even got the information and parsed it,
you're like, liberation fighters and bugle bugle bugle bugle.
We don't know that they're human beings.
We have no idea what the fuck is going on.
Mordor, yeah.
And the one thing that's never going to happen.
I mean, maybe somewhere, but never on CNN and never on Fox News,
never on the big news channels or outlets.
No one's going to say, like, the president can't come on the air and go,
hey, whoever did this, call me up.
Let's talk about it.
Let's find out why you did this.
Let's address the situation.
Let's be adults.
Like, we don't want...
No one can do that.
We have to come down like a ton of like douchebag bricks on everything now.
It has to be like, we're going to get them.
Bring them to justice.
Yeah, bring them to justice.
I saw that a lot.
Like, that is not a positive sentiment.
No, no.
It's just, it's hang them high with Clint Eastwood.
And it's like, I know that people, like, when you're in pain,
everybody wants shit to stop.
But it's just like, when everything goes into, yeah,
our little bubble got burst from them.
And everything has to change.
This giant shift has to happen where, like,
the Constitution's going to go get sodomized in an alleyway and...
And guess what?
As soon as that happens, no more bombs.
Just fucking move.
But I really, it is true.
America isn't such a bubble.
And it's a very unique situation.
And these kinds of things, sort of like you said,
put a little hole in the bubble.
But, you know, try and remember this, but the bubble will be back.
And next week, we won't give a shit about this.
And we'll be back.
Yeah, Robert Williams will be here.
No one will give a fuck.
Zartas?
Glad you guys watched it.
Well, let's get Spencer up, because he was there for you.
Yeah, Spencer, come on up.
Spencer, everybody.
I think my...
Oh, I see what this contraption is.
It's my fault this thing...
It's the worst.
It's fiddling with this thing.
Well, Camille was making points.
Fiddling with the black iron staff.
The entertainer twirls his expert fingers.
Spencer came out swinging.
How many of you have now seen Zartas?
By applause.
Wow.
A good number of people.
Now by Zarpause.
The piece is evil.
Yeah, the gun is good.
That movie's wild, man.
I have to say, I've watched it.
I think I've tried to watch that movie at least four times.
Last night, got through it.
Didn't fall asleep.
Made it through Zartas.
Yeah, I mean, that movie starts strong and it trickles out.
What's Zartas?
What is Zartas?
That's a very good question.
We can start off by answering the simple question,
what is Zartas?
Well, there's a spoiler answer to that question.
You can play it to me because I've never seen it.
That doesn't matter.
If you haven't seen it, watch it.
I mean, Zartas is an experience.
If you have seen it, what do we have to talk about?
It's like Vietnam.
You're just like, yeah, I saw action.
I was in the shit.
Sean Connery, this is after he has been James Bond.
And I guess he had a reputation for not saying no to a lot of stuff.
But I think everyone thought Zartas was going to be the real deal.
I think they thought it was going to be a goodie, right?
Yeah, there's no reason why.
I find that to be a very compelling movie for the first 30 minutes.
I'm very, very interested.
There's a modern kind of cogent version of that movie
that I think is very important, truly,
because characters like Gilgamesh in ancient stories,
they're just mortals who proceed into the realm of immortality
with questions, with shit to conquer.
They go like, why is this thunder clapping?
Why did my friend die?
What's going on?
Why did a cheetah jump on my sister?
And they go to the ends of the earth.
We're used to these stories where people climb beanstalks
and we shrug it off.
We don't look at that and go, a beanstalk?
That's stupid.
These characters, they would just walk to the edge of the earth,
which we thought existed, and then they would jump off it,
and then an eagle would pick them up, and then the eagle would go,
what are you doing?
And they're like, you heard me, motherfucker.
I want to talk to Apollo.
And they'd go, all right.
I'm just following orders.
You'd have interactions with these confusing weird forces
at the time where characterizations of something
that people didn't understand.
They didn't invent monotheism yet.
We still thought that everything unexplained
had to have a different personality to it.
So it was amazing that we had these stories about it.
Sean Connery in this thing, he's this noble savage
that, he's not noble, what am I talking about?
He's a primitive savage who's,
the stone head comes down every day and goes like,
I'm sort of, here's your guns.
And it pukes up all these guns to him and all his friends.
And he jumps in the mouth of the stone head,
and he just arrives with it.
There are these brudels that live out like these people.
This sounds like the greatest movie of all time.
It's the greatest, it's the single greatest
beginning of a movie that's ever existed.
It starts off with a big head that looks like a big
gum drop, a stone gum drop,
and it's got a big kabuki face.
And it comes out and goes, oh, it's all it does.
The gun is good, the penis is evil, and vomits guns.
Wait, it says the penis is evil?
Yes, it says, the penis shoots seed, which creates life,
which horrifies the earth, the gun cleanses it of life.
The gun is good.
The gun shoots death, yeah.
The penis shoots seed, the gun shoots death.
It's basically, I mean, it's not a direct metaphor
for U.S. foreign policy, but it's like...
You know, Dan, this was written right after the
Gulf of Tonkin affair.
It's an exploration of any form of hegemony,
because what it turns out is that these rich people who live...
Wait, is this a spoiler now?
Sean Connery hitches a ride to this stone head,
and the first 10 minutes of this movie,
this head that pukes guns up to these poor people...
It says, the penis is evil.
It says, the penis is evil, go shoot all the people
that are reproducing it.
And it has glitter rhinestone eyes.
Sean Connery shoots the camera, turns and shoots the camera,
representing his self-awareness.
And then he goes...
After the title sequence...
I think that's, fuck you, Roger Moore.
After the title sequence, Sean Connery emerges from
a pile of grain inside the mouth of the stone head.
He has hitched a ride inside his own god.
He shoots the guy who controls it.
The head rides on autopilot back to the suburban
Silver Lake village where this guy lived.
And in the first eight minutes of this movie,
you're watching Sean Connery with bandolier straps on
and a red one clock and a red ponytail,
walking around a two-bedroom apartment in Silver Lake,
looking through music boxes of a guy that created his world.
And going like, what the fuck?
And he doesn't know, his whole life has just been
raping and shooting, and he barely has language for it.
And he's looking at the apartment of this guy.
It turns out all of life is just a fucking farce.
But unlike Gilgamesh,
Sean Connery's only blunder is that he emerged
into a future realized in the early 70s of filmmaking.
Where it turns into a really bad
community theater production of Pippin.
And everybody is getting new, like doing little hand gestures.
Well, everything eventually falls apart.
There's too much commentary on what was happening
at that point in the 70s.
There's too much like, well, yeah.
Well, boy, Pet Rocks today.
What's next?
Pet Boulders?
It's like, well, no one's going to care about Pet Rocks
in 2013 who were watching this.
But yeah, like transcendental meditation.
Obviously, it was a movie of its time.
But the thing that carries through, I think,
is a bunch of rich, privileged people
who have achieved immortality,
which is all our goal.
And then these poor people are being created by them.
One person's in charge of them,
like a commissioner or a mayor
is in charge of a basin of fucking poor people.
Or a pop troller.
And one of them pops into the immortal world
and is walking around,
and he's like sort of part Frankenstein part.
He's in the Matrix, too, doesn't he?
And there's a scene where he's at a party
and they're scanning his brain
and all his rapes and murders that he's committed
are on a screen behind him and all these fashionable people.
But now our rapes, if it's a rape murder,
does that count as two?
Or is this not the important question here?
And they're at an art gallery
and they're commenting on it and talking about it.
And well, I think he's gauche.
Well, I think he's supposed gauche.
Then they try to get him...
This brutal savage
has a vestigial quality.
His penis can achieve two mesons
and become rigid in an erection.
Wait, so they don't get boners?
Yeah, they can't.
Because they're immortal.
They don't need to re-perhence them.
Why they can't die so they cannot get a heart attack?
They're actually immortal,
not like poetically immortal.
But they punish you if you fuck up in a society
and you do anything bad.
They can punish you by aging you five years
and eventually you'll die.
No, eventually you will never die.
Eventually you'll be senile.
You'll become senile forever.
You'll be an old person and then...
You'll become a renegade.
Or a renegade.
Yeah, renegade are the crazy senile people.
Or you can become an apathetic and be sexy but stupid.
And they're in a permanent kind of New Year's Eve party
where they're wearing tuxes like,
Reed as the Oscars.
They're all just like popping champagne
and kind of stumbling around with their prosthetic makeup.
And they show...
It's pretty funny that they...
Because they have a little thing,
they have a ring where they can make a little computer
and it's a lot like Siri.
It's a lot like an iPhone.
But they're like, hey, what's this?
It's a flower. For what?
For decoration.
Oh, thank you, Siri.
That's nice.
And you can put...
You can put a little screen up on the wall
like a projector.
It's pretty groovy.
But then they're trying to prove
that they can get this guy hard.
So all these ladies are standing around
in their past-whole rows.
Sean Connery.
Sean Connery standing in a red diaper?
Diaper.
Short shorts.
It's like American apparel, like ladies' short shorts.
And he's got his balding man ponytail.
He's got a ponytail with a slight receding hairline,
a handlebar mustache,
and knee-high, like Captain Cook boots on.
How have I missed this movie?
I don't know.
It's a mistake.
It's so good.
Yeah, it's nuts.
But then they start showing them porn.
Like, watch this.
I'm going to show you a man, get a boner.
And all the ladies are standing around.
I've never seen that before.
And the first in this show is just a tits.
Yeah, soapy titties.
The woman is like soap and upper titties.
Like a big, like tight frame.
It works as modern porn.
Yeah, no.
It was hot.
Like the soapy titties was trans-like.
Because at first I wanted to mock it.
I was like soapy titties.
And then I was like, Jesus.
I felt a little tangled.
I was assumed that a woman like soapy, like rubbing her boobs with soapy water was like,
that that was just like the same thing as a woman laying on the hood of a Ferrari.
It was just like a needless, like stylistic thing.
Oh, soapy is necessary and awesome.
At the end of the day, a naked lady is a naked lady.
Like kind of like who cares?
Like the idea that high heels or something.
Oh, the activity of that thing.
Wow.
Okay, soapy.
Yeah, but he looks at that one and nothing happens.
And he kind of shakes it off.
Like Fernando Bellam's whaling.
Like that pitch isn't good.
And then they show another one of just two women in mud.
And that was notably less sexy.
Yeah, that one.
And then you notice that Sean Conner is just staring at the woman who's kind of been the negative Nellie.
Like she hates him the most.
She's not in the mud pitch.
No, she's putting on the presentation.
She's a curator.
And then everyone's eyes kind of cast down.
And he's standing there completely stone faced just looking at the woman.
And clearly has got a boner.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
The boner computer guy, bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou bou.
How have I not seen this movie.
None of, none of your descriptions.
And you've been describing it collectively for about 20 minutes,
maybe.
Oh god I hope not.
No single minute of that makes it sound like anything less than the best movie.
Well, Chris McKenna, one of Dan's writers in community,
and lovely fellow put disease in Zardas left.
He was snoring all the way through.
It's like a fishing lure, like the head of it has its impact, and then it just tapers
off into this lullaby.
I can't believe there hasn't been a t-shirt with a stone-faced guy with glowing eyes that
says the penis is evil.
I bet there is.
I'm certain there is.
There's nothing.
Yeah.
It's 106 minutes.
It's definitely worth watching.
Wait, so the rest of the movie is him in the immortal people world?
Most of it, yeah.
The movie basically starts with him penetrating that veil, yeah.
As the movie continues, it reveals more truths than a Shyamalan in kind of a way that really
only served a disappoint, because actually the story I was invested in was a savage,
kind of naively bounding into this world and interacting with the immortals.
It turns out, oh, it's all a big thing.
It gets increasingly transcendental and increasingly 70s.
What's the big?
He can say spoiler alert and then tell me what the big, is that okay if we tell, it's
Zardaz.
You haven't seen it in 40 years.
No, I'm telling you.
It's too much a component of the enjoyment of the movie.
For people who haven't seen the movie, the spoiler, the big spoiler, which actually means
not, it's not important to the plot of the film, but it's such a delicious, ridiculous
spoiler.
No, I'm not going to say it.
Watch the fucking movie.
It's the one reward for watching that thing.
All right, enough.
Spencer, how you been, man?
Yeah, you know, Zardaz, I thought that whole reveal was kind of, you know, it was worth
it, but really, was I invested, I mean, there was the renegades and there was the apathetics,
but at the end of the day, I mean, it really peaked with the whole penis.
I didn't watch it.
You've never seen it.
Did that sound good?
You've never seen it?
Yeah, no, not at all.
You motherfucker.
Yeah.
I was going to go, I got, yeah, I had a work meeting that night, I was going to go, you
know, head over.
You never have to have an excuse to have not watched Zardaz.
I would have enjoyed seeing it.
It slows all the way down now.
It has that 70s patience, like Rollerball starts off like the best movie you've ever
seen.
James Cohn's in a roller derby competition with a big metal ball and everyone has spikes
on and it's been her and like, what the fuck, this is the best, and then there's 45 minutes
of people at a cocktail party, but light a tree on fire.
Lighting up trees.
Yeah, it's so stupid.
Yeah.
Well, that's the 70s for you.
What?
It was like, on one hand, you did, it was like Harvintown.
You have no idea, you have no, no guarantees, like you don't, you don't know, like Robin
Williams shows up, I drop my pants, I confess to bisexuality or playing with matches.
Who knows?
You might, you might.
That's the same Zardaz guy.
Little Pyromaniac, look, the, the, on the other hand, it could just be a boring show.
That's just, everything, all the chairs are from Tyler, he's just, he's jamming on E-Nicotine
right now.
Yeah.
He's been smoking those 18 milligram.
Dude, I'm going to give you a throat hit in a second, man.
But if you read, if you read that, uh, Easy Riders Raging Bulls story, it's the story
of that, that, that Sin Escape changing.
But you were saying partly joking that, that as soon as they blew up the shark and Jaws,
that as the point when movies became, I mean, we were all born into, certainly these people,
even me, were born into a world that had been pre-jossed, like, like we don't, we, movies
are part of our government.
It's the fifth estate, you know, it's, it's, it's, it is, it is our religion.
We go to these temples and we study these things and, and they are, there's a prerequisite
for these things, that they have to have a third act.
Um, uh, the Death Star's got to blow up, the shark's got to blow up, the, the, the, the
people got to go home feeling like there's a purpose in their life.
Um, and, and the, but there was a point before that when, you know, it was like, hey, it's
just a movie, whatever, it's just another way to make money.
You could buy a Styx album or you might go to see this thing.
It's got Gene Hackman in it, he eats some chocolate, he jerks off in a cup and then
he shoots himself.
That sounds like a third act.
The chocolate and the suicide?
That's, that's the French connection, right?
I'll recommend one.
I'll recommend one movie from the seventies that's really, really awesome that a lot of
people haven't seen this movie called, uh, Abominable Dr. Fibes.
It's a, uh, Vincent Price movie.
It's his best role.
It's an amazing movie that you were, like you were saying, it's a product of its time,
definitely.
Let's make that the assignment.
Let's watch.
I've never seen it.
Let's watch it.
Abominable Dr. Fibes is fucking awesome.
It's one of my favorite movies.
Watch that for next week, Harmon, Harmonian.
I'm sure Schrab has.
I think we'll watch it there and, you know, you probably fall asleep.
It'd be harder to come by, probably not on iTunes.
Um, yeah, I don't know what it, all right, so, so does it miss, Kevin iTunes?
The Abominable Dr. Fibes.
Abominable.
Watch the first one.
Don't watch Dr. Fibes rises again.
Is that a joke?
No.
Oh shit.
The real, I think it's great, but you got to start where it starts.
All right.
Okay.
Are there, are there, yeah.
Well, I want to, are there any, is there a woman in the audience who's had, who, who,
what woman thinks she's had the worst day?
I've had.
Tyler?
We're not talking to you.
We heard about all your e-cigarettes, uh, there's a lady in front.
Is there, are there any, oh, are you raising your hand?
Are you willing, are you willing to come up here?
Sure.
Will you, will you play Aaron's part and Dungeons and Dragons?
Okay.
All right, what's your name?
Stephanie, everybody.
Yes.
Mulray and Sedona.
Tonight, the role of Mulray will be played by Stephanie.
Stephanie, what was so bad about your day?
Uh, I got yelled at by my boss.
Yeah, that's the worst thing that happened today.
I'm sorry, I'm just goofing around.
I'm sorry.
I just, obviously, subjective experiences.
I know, but I, I felt that today, definitely, like, I called my mom to complain about my
boss yelling at me, and she, she said that to me, just like, really.
But it doesn't mean your boss yelling at you wasn't shitty, you know?
It was still shitty.
What do you do for a living?
What's, what's the gig?
Uh, I work in an animal shelter.
Oh, Jesus.
Wow.
Well, is your boss is yelling at you?
You're not killing enough kittens.
Yeah, right.
I actually work at a no-kill shelter.
Oh.
What was she, what was your boss?
You killed too many kittens.
Read the sign, Stephanie.
No.
You killed five.
Sorry.
Oh.
What, what, what was her, uh, what was her beef with you today?
By the way, we're all assuming the boss is a she, is it?
No.
It is not.
I think that's very progressive of us.
I guess only women can say it.
I have a riddle for you.
Two kittens go into an animal shelter.
The doctor's a guy.
The doctor says, oh shit, okay.
I cannot throw this kitten into a waste basket.
It's my kitten.
The doctor's a doc.
I've already heard it.
I've heard it.
What, what was her hang up with you today?
What, what had she done wrong?
It's a long story.
Uh, basically, he, basically he accused me of trying to steal money from the company.
Uh.
Is there a lot of money to be made?
It's not exactly the boiler room with Vin Diesel.
No.
Always be closing on the kitten adoptions.
I think there's a character you work with who's always talking to the camera.
Let me explain how animal shelter works.
The kittens come in one door.
People love them.
Then they adopt them.
Everyone want, grandma goes home happy, but cha-ching.
Follow the money.
The coffee is for adopters.
It's okay.
We have a mentally unstable guy that makes our coffee, so it's fine.
What was it?
Is there, is there like a, is there like a till at the, at the animal shelter that came up short?
No.
Somebody's dividend in the animal shelter.
No kill animal shelter.
We, we not killed six ferrets.
There's, there's 720 in this register.
Um, no, they were, they were accusing me more of stealing time money.
They were saying that I worked more out.
Oh.
I did that when I was a data entry clerk.
I was like, who knows if I'm entering data.
But not killing animals.
A higher stakes job to be.
Yeah.
Cause all of a sudden there's just like, yeah.
If you don't show up to work on time, kittens die, right?
Absolutely.
No, not really.
So your job is about getting animals rescued and stuff?
Yeah.
Um, trying to get them adopted more or less.
I work for specifically polls animals from LA shelters that are high kill.
So trying to make LA a no kill city.
That's the whole thing.
You go to other shelters and, and, and, and take like, like, like load up a truck and take
them to the no kill shelter.
Yep.
How does the money come to the no kill shelter?
How do you keep the lights on?
I have no idea.
I don't know.
Well, where do you guys make money?
You must know where, where the money comes from.
Something.
She only knows where it goes.
In her pocket.
More than should be.
Um, no, it's a huge, it's a huge organization.
It's, it's been around for like 40 years and they have lots of, lots and lots and lots
of donors.
So.
Follow the money.
I'm not.
Take it easy, Tyler.
All right.
Let's play a bit of D&D.
Stephanie, you're going to help us out and play Aaron's role of Mulray and Sedona tonight.
Too much pressure.
No, no, no.
You'll be good.
Yeah.
Your, your job is much more pressure than.
Also Aaron, Aaron told me in advance, I don't know if you heard last week's show.
Were you here for last week's show?
No, I was not.
Okay.
Well, Aaron developed a new trick for fighting invisible enemies called the rope, rope.
Rope packer.
And she said that you're allowed to use it.
But Jeff's not allowed to fuck it.
Those were her specific instructions.
We'll see.
I'm going to have benign violation of Coco tonight.
She's just going to take money from it.
All right, Spencer.
What'd I do?
Spencer, kick us off if you would please.
Okay.
Last time on Harmon Time, our heroes were on their way towards the thicket of ebb and
pillars, but soon they lost their bearings, assuming they had possessed them in the first
place.
Bewildered and surrounded by pillars, Quark climbed the phallic columns and spied with
low light vision, a blob of color on the tip of a far off pillar.
About that time, strange squishing sounds began to surround the heroes.
With an air of urgency, the heroes headed towards the far off column.
As the heroes approached the sought after pillar, the squishing continued.
The colored shape called out.
It was a person.
Sharpie casting levitate began to approach the old man and Quark climbed up his pillar
to regard the white clothed old man.
And Chris took some turns sending correspondence to the pillar dwelling Herman and Quark and
Sharpie also had some words.
Before the whole ensemble moved back down to the ground level, the old man named Breffie,
as it happened, warned the heroes that they were under assault from a gaggle of deadly
phantom funguses, which were funguses and definitely not fungi in this specific instance.
The gang slew the monsters with a far sword blast and a fireball spell, which quickly
ignited the ebb and pillars.
Running quickly, they tore through the forest and came upon a web slung mass in the ebb and thicken.
Woo!
Spencer!
I gotta say, man, you're in the zone tonight.
You came up in the zone?
Yeah.
I feel like you came loaded for bear.
Well, I feel like if you're like to do baseball or something, I only went at bat twice.
So, you know, hitting two, two, you know, balls is easy.
I guess this would be the third.
Yeah.
This one's more of a base hit.
Yeah, yeah.
So, I mean, that's still, that's really good stats in baseball.
You know, there's an alternate world where D&D is like the biggest sport and you're the
president of that world, because you're fucking amazing at it.
Wait, why is it two, I didn't get the, you know, why is it two times at bat?
I don't understand.
Oh, because when I first came up, I had the comment about your, you know, I was narrating
that, I think that went over well.
He's two for two, he's saying.
Yeah.
In baseball, if you hit three out of ten, you're in the Hall of Fame.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But I mean, it's easier, it's easy to say I'm doing good if I said two things and both
of them went decently well.
Speaking of doing good, I would like to share a triumph with my own.
You're doing great.
Thank you.
I recently bought a new MacBook Pro and it's hardware is sophisticated enough to run a
Minecraft with all of the mods that I have had my eye on.
God, that's great news.
This is already the opposite of the Boston bomb story.
Well, I didn't, you know, it was not my fault that that happened today.
Sure.
We don't know that.
I, crazy white guy.
This is getting less benign and more deviant.
There's a lot of, it's called the tech world mod pack in Minecraft and it includes a lot
of generators and electronic things and Minecraft is a game of like mining things and you mine
ore and then you smelt it into other things and you use those tools to mine ore ore.
I, in tech world, I created an automatic miner.
So I, when I play Minecraft now, I just have a little box that plays Minecraft for me.
And it mines for me and it just like sucks up the ore and I just collect it.
So you're just crafting.
Yeah.
So it's just craft.
The glee on your face is so awesome.
Well, because I think that's so funny.
I saw a guy walking on the street today and he had a shirt that said, I love Minecraft
and I wept openly.
For humanity?
Yes.
That's a game I could never get into.
I've watched you play.
It's fun to watch you play because it's fun watching.
It's only, it's unlike any other thing because I mean, like you're talking about games like
Oblivion, the Elder Scrolls games, that we characterize those as like, oh shit, that's
the hero in a video game.
So I played that for 100 hours, 200 hours, you know, whatever.
Like, I've been playing Minecraft for three, four years because they keep coming out with
updates.
It's beyond sandbox into just, it's a combination of knitting, smoking and jerking off.
Like it's just a thing you can do at an airport.
You can do it while you're, you can't jerk off at an airport.
You can knit at an airport.
I'm just saying there's different tentacles.
You can jerk off at an airport.
But you can't smoke.
Spencer!
Yeah, oh yeah.
You don't have to jerk off at an airport.
It's easier to jerk off than so.
You can do both.
Not at the same time.
That's absurd.
They can tell you're jerking off and they can see your feet under the stall like shaking.
Like gyrating.
You have to see them gyrating.
They're going, who fucking, they're going to Hawaii or something.
Who are they gonna tell?
I'm nervous that the tropical climate.
They still don't want to see a guy jerking off on the way to the plane.
That's the least of my worries while I'm jerking off in an airport.
Weirdest thing I ever saw at LAX, I walked right where the baggage carousels are.
There's a bathroom right there.
I walked in the bathroom door.
This was like 98.
And there was a bathroom stall wide open and there was a guy facing away, bent over,
pants around his ankles, ass cheeks like like like ass hole pointed at anyone that walked
in the door, stalled her wide open.
But with a little like toilet paper like in a little Halloween ghost shape, like like
like kind of like dabbing at his asshole, like he was like wamping his ass but wanted
America to know.
And you said to him, captain.
That's right.
I didn't say anything but I stared for a minute.
I was like what?
I was like a deer in headlights.
And I'll never know what the guy, where's he from?
Where is that a thing?
It was opposite.
So he was wiping his ass at America.
He was making a statement.
Maybe he was like this is what I do in Bangladesh.
I don't know.
Maybe it's like you know, did he have a brown ass?
No, I will tell you this.
Tell me this little.
I really hope it's a crazy white guy.
They can't all be crazy white guys.
And again, I'll tell you please for the second time tonight, respect my candor.
Reward me for it because I could, I could pretend that this isn't in my head.
I got it.
I seem to recall that he was an olive skinned gentleman.
Hey, good job on that candor.
So you saw a brown butt wiping its ass at America.
I, I, I, I, I saw an ass.
Maybe there was like a dry run of 9-11.
I saw, I saw it.
The stakes were much lower.
I saw an asshole.
I saw the weirdest thing in the, in my life.
But he was dabbing it delicately with a little, with a little peep.
It was, it was, I wish I could.
Maybe he was doing the old like come here, come hit her like the dropped handkerchief bits.
You know, he was like.
It was simultaneously.
But I'll tell you what you're gonna get.
It was simultaneously the most private act, but performed so publicly.
Like almost like you would think like, oh, he's, he wants me to see this.
But he's not paying attention to me.
Stephanie, how you doing up there?
You having fun?
Just great.
Yeah.
There's a re, I think we can come up with a reason why he was doing that.
What if, if I'm there, and I'm using my phone and I'm on the toilet.
I was just trying to find out if Thunder was Zeus.
It's a little bit.
Your human desire to make sense of it.
Exactly.
We're finding Zeus here.
I'm texting.
As soon as I'm done, I drop my phone in the toilet.
And so I get up and I'm looking for in the toilet.
And then I'm like, oh shit, my ass is still unwiped.
So I'm like, I'll do both.
So I get toilet paper and I'm wiping my ass while I'm looking in the toilet bowl for the phone.
That's definitely it.
That's what Dr. Bangladesh was up to.
The door open.
The open door is another mystery.
Why, there are four phones in 98.
It was pre-9-11.
That's for sure.
I don't know why that's significant.
Oh dude, that's a total 9-10 story.
This is like Mr. Show era.
Alright Spencer, what are we looking at?
Before 9-11, I measured time of what season of Mr. Show was on.
There were only four years before 9-11.
Until HBO canceled existence.
So Spencer, did we defeat the Funguses?
Yeah, you killed them.
Yeah, I mean we could keep talking.
If we keep going like 20 more minutes, I won't have to write anything next week.
No, we're about to go into a phase spider world.
So you guys remember, you had sliced one in half and Sharpie had cast a fireball that blew up the other one
and it lit the pillars on fire.
Yeah, and then we ran into a phase spider thing.
Spencer, I cast fireball on the spider area.
I'm fucking charging in.
Do it.
This national tragedy has filled me with like, fuck it, no regrets.
We're still fighting phase spiders.
Fireball!
Well, you aren't fighting anything.
There's no fighting.
No, I don't care.
I'm fighting the unknown.
Yeah, I was talking to Jeff.
I'm in a panic.
Yeah, definitely.
This is a pre-emptive strike.
Casting fireball on a...
Crazy white guy!
And the massive web of webs, the webby mass of webs, the webby mass of mass.
Why is there a dollar?
The Federal Reserve needs to make hand crank radios.
I feel like more than ever today we should try and reason with the spider rather than
trying to just set a bomb.
No, they teach at universities.
Die!
Okay, so, Sharpie casts fireball on what I'm assuming is like the center of like the
webby mass or something, yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
So it hits, it strikes one of the nets, and immediately bursts into flames.
Now, if you recall, fire is slightly less effective on the shadow plane.
However...
We don't remember being told.
Yeah, no one remembers anything that happens.
But, uh, yeah.
No, but, yeah, someone pulled out a torch and it didn't light very well.
Right.
It's like Langoliers.
Sure.
It's like Zardos.
You didn't see Zardos.
I know.
I didn't see Land-o-lakes either.
Langoliers fucking rocks, dude.
Yeah, you should watch Langoliers, Spencer.
Oh, watch all nine hours of it.
Valky from Perfect Strange is in it.
I promise there's a payoff.
Spencer, is the webby mass being tied at any major points?
Are there major points of tethering to the web?
Well, it's more being consumed by flames.
Oh, it's right now.
Yeah, yeah.
It's on fire right now.
Yeah, and it's burning.
Okay, so that's probably good, right?
Jar Jar, it's done.
To me!
Wow!
As the web starts to burn away, you can hear hisses deep within the webby mass.
At the same time, you see Breffi kind of fall to his knees like he's been hurt or something.
Uh-oh.
Breffi doesn't want it.
What are you, like a spider baby?
He's like, I'm Breffi!
I'm Breffi!
Breffi!
I meant two episodes, Counting Treasure.
I just wanted to move ahead.
Look what's happening to Breffi!
He was just a nice, whole wanderer.
Listen to the last episode.
He just, all he did was hang out.
Oh my God!
This is like you hurling fire, and then they have to go to the madrasas to fight us back.
Go ahead.
Too lofty.
You see points raise up out of his shoulder blades as they elongate and stretch, and then
pierce out of his back, forming spider-like legs.
They elongate, and he grows and, you know, grows in size onto his newly formed legs,
and is transformed into a hybrid humanoid spider form with clacking mandibles and sharp claws.
And he's like, wait and go, butthead!
Maybe it's not too late to make a friendship with the spider people.
Hey, have you heard Lady in Red?
Do you like that song?
He makes some sort of utterance, but it's no longer English.
It's more of like a hissing, clacking sort of.
If it's or do, I got a shot at it.
Alright, I'm going to be the first to admit I made a mistake.
No, you weren't first.
We said it before you said it.
Yes, you're the first to agree.
No, I said it.
You agree.
Okay.
How do you think you're third to this party?
Maybe you'll still be friendly.
I'm going to assume that this brefi now means us some harm.
I don't want to play the blame game.
Because you'll lose.
Yeah, you want to play the flame game.
I try and reason with brefi.
You have a minus six against righteous indignation right now.
So what's your reason attempt?
Hey, brefi, sorry.
No, don't.
I got one more attempt at it.
Hey, brefi, our bad.
Do you have diplomacy?
Yeah, I got diplomacy.
How many ranks do you have in diplomacy?
Eight, bro.
Okay, eight ranks.
He calms down a little slight bit.
All right, Stephanie, guys, our bad worked.
Stephanie, it's your turn.
Can I put on my hat of disguise and be his mother?
Whose mother?
The spiders?
Yeah.
You don't know what she looks like.
Would you like to approximate it?
Sure.
No, this sounds like a bad.
Yeah.
No, no.
This is going to be worse than the fireball.
You sort of look like the human form of brefi, but with long hair and womanly traits.
Because the hat of disguise can't replicate monsters.
It can only do humanoid shapes.
This guy looks like somebody had a good relationship with his parents.
You know, arachnids.
The home is where the heart is.
So Sharpie still has his mage armor spell active from the last session.
You managed to shrug off his blow.
He rears back with one of his spindly spider-like legs and stabs you directly in the chest.
However, the force armor guarding your body shrugs it off and it glances off your body.
I go like this.
I'm cocky about it.
Do you brush it off your shoulders like Kobe did before his injury?
I don't know what that means, but yes.
I do what Kobe did.
You rip your Achilles tendon, right?
Is that what happened?
And you cheat on your wife.
Infidelity.
It's a long fly.
It's out of here.
Spencer, another homework.
Are you going to roll on the infidelity or?
Oh yeah, yeah.
See if there's going to be charges.
No, no.
Go ahead.
I think it's your turn.
It's still your turn.
You're now looking like a female-style brevi.
Is he going to fall for it?
I mean, no.
No.
Yeah.
Damn.
All right.
So we're trying to befriend him now, yes?
We're going to try that.
He has attacked.
Throw an attack, Mulrainee.
All right.
Fuck.
I would like to shoot two arrows.
No new taxes.
Two arrows.
I shoot two arrows.
It's a national.
Remember for the next 25 minutes after she shoots two arrows, maybe back ribs are half
off.
It's a two arrow discount.
Two arrows.
One of the arrows strikes truants, hits him directly in the shoulder.
The other flies astray.
Did you say it strikes truant?
Truant.
True.
Into his shoulder.
Into the class.
The arrow strikes truant.
It goes to a fishing hole.
Like Tom Sawyer, it blows up class.
It avoids the constable.
All right.
Befriend them.
Oh, did I say how much damage that did?
Four damage.
Sorry, everybody.
Not much.
Spiders have lots of eyes, right?
Spiders, they got some eyes.
The dazzling lights, would that be extra effective on their multiple eyes?
The dazzling lights?
Dancing lights.
Dancing lights, no.
Yeah, no, the dancing lights would not.
Oh, dancing lights are just like kind of just for mood.
It's like, if you want to fuck the spider.
I haven't ruled it out.
Yeah, it's like illusions.
You know, it's like, you're like, oh, I want to make it look like a smiley face is illusion.
I don't know.
It's hard to explain.
All right.
I take some more reins.
I'm going to do a combo move here with the rope tracker.
I'm going to tie my far sword.
Oh, no, I can't do that.
Yeah, your far sword is a technique.
Yeah, technique.
You know, okay, forget the rope thing.
I'm going to take my far sword and swipe it underneath it and try to chop off its legs.
Okay, so you can swipe at it.
You don't have cleave.
Yeah, you'll swipe at the legs, you know, the point being to try and like cripple them.
Yeah, I want to immobilize this motherfucker.
All right.
In immobilizing strike.
Oh, shit.
That's a critical hit.
Fuck yeah!
Does that mean you rolled 20?
Yeah, I rolled a 20.
He rolled a 20.
Critical hit.
Fucking chopped off all of his legs.
No, no.
Oh.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
You do chop off three of his legs.
Three of eight?
Three of his legs are cleft straight off of his body and fall to the floor.
No, if I attacked his head and I got a critical hit, would that have been it for this matter?
No, I mean it still does the same amount of damage which is...
It wouldn't have died.
I'll catch you.
About 7, 12, 24.
So you did 24 damage.
I'm with you.
Okay, cool.
Wow.
So we got a hobbled spider.
Oh yeah.
I'm assuming as I aimed at one side that we chopped off like the left side.
So let's just say you chopped off his left three legs.
So now he can only walk in ever decreasing circles in one direction.
Or I mean you can hop around on like four feet or something.
Okay.
I don't know.
Who knows, man?
Spider physics?
I would like to hear a list of monsters I could summon with summon monster three.
Oh shit.
Oh, darn it.
They're all going to say squid.
They all want squid.
Squids are so great to summon you guys.
They just, they don't even drown it.
Is it Keith?
Keith?
Yeah, get a squid.
A squid has, squids have multiple tentacles, man.
There's a bit, like it was so big, we were in the confines of a ship.
Yeah, that actually made a lot of sense then.
It was like summoning a rock, you know.
It's telling some guys.
What a whale.
This is open melee, dude.
Do what your heart says.
I'm very interested.
Last time he did that, he got us in deep shit.
Yeah, that's right.
Just don't, well, but now he started it.
So whatever you gotta do.
Yeah, dude, you know what?
Redemption time.
We are where we are.
Redemption time, Sharpie.
Thanks, guys.
Celestial Black Bear, Celestial Bison, Celestial Dire Badger, Celestial Hippogriff.
Elemental Small Any.
So that's any type of elemental fire.
Whatever, next.
Okay.
Fiendish Ape, Fiendish Dire Weasel.
Fiendish Ape, Fiendish Ape.
He's as tall as the sky.
Fiendish Ape.
Is that, is that the guy that chases you in Temple Run 2?
Have you guys played Temple Run 2?
Let me, let me, let me just ask one thing though.
On the list of Summon Monster 3 Summonable Monsters, is there some kind of spider type
monster?
I just, just in case we get to see it.
You know?
Yeah.
The tension is palpable.
No, I'm not seeing it.
Fiendish Ape.
Ape that shit, bro.
Casting your arms in a magical manner.
Oof, oof, ah, Agnamon.
An ape, rather fiendish in appearance, leaps into being, and throws himself upon the,
the spider-like creature.
Spider-um, terminate-um!
Braffy.
Uh, yeah.
Okay.
The, the, the, what's it called?
The Fiendish Ape, right?
Fiendish, yeah, that's what it's called.
Fuck everything.
The Fiendish Ape leaps upon the spider dude that I mentioned earlier, and begins immediately
pummeling him with his fists, his big broad ape-like fists.
Yeah.
His sensual.
Do you think there was a non-conflict resolution to this?
Yeah.
You fucked that when you threw a fireball at it.
You guys want spoilers?
No, no, no.
Okay.
Well, I mean, it will actually, it didn't, it's not going to come to fruition, like.
Okay, tell us what could have happened.
He's a spider dude, but if he didn't kill the spiders, he would have just been all like,
I'm a spider dude, I'm going to help these dudes out.
But he killed his spider, so it's like, fuck you!
So it's completely Sharpie's fault.
Yeah, definitely.
Dude, he told you.
Or, no, I mean, I mean, he might have jumped on you guys anyway as an amateur.
Yeah.
What do you, you're not hearing the same things he's saying.
I saved the world.
Dealing six damage.
Six damage, bro.
Six world-saving damage.
I support you, sure.
Okay, is it, is it my turn now?
Yeah.
Uh, misreading the situation, I still try and reason with it.
Listen, a lot of mistakes were made today.
Dude, I'm on your side.
Do you have, do you have, uh, Intimidate or just Diplomacy?
I realize-
Dude, do you have total denial?
Uh, it's not under-
Do you have psychosis?
What level of psychosis do you have?
Is that under peace?
No, then I don't have it.
It would be under-
Um, all right, listen, I know we chopped off three of your legs and then
sent a fiendish ape to punch you in the face.
We've met almost none of it.
Hey, are we cool?
It's like-
Are we cool?
Brefi, right?
Am I saying that right?
Your words seem to have, have a swaying effect on him.
He looks down at the ground and at all of his bleeding stumps
and realizes he can't win this combat.
Oh!
All right, well then I, I weirdly, I take my cloak
and I try and bandage one of his legs.
But you guys might have healing potions if you're down to heal him.
I, I healed the spider.
Is that a good idea or a bad idea?
Do you have healing potions?
Hey, can I borrow some healing potions?
I've got one left and I just, I just chopped three of his legs up.
We gotta use it.
Listen, I know this is a weird idea.
He's kind of successfully good-copping them, though.
This might work.
Okay, all right, okay.
All right, uh, Christopher, I, I, uh-
I just, you know what I do, I don't try and bandage it,
but I, like, try and engage it while, uh, Malred's gonna attack it, okay?
So I'm gonna be like, so, like, what?
Like, your deal, like-
My whole last three generations were just wiped out.
All right, um, I don't think I have any legs to stand on, so...
But I did a sh- sh- sh- sh-
No, I was not-
Look at that!
Damn it!
I was not trying to-
Too soon!
Oh, God, a bad choice of words!
I just, uh...
I wish it was a crazy white guy instead.
No.
All right, I step back and, uh...
Malred?
Wait, so wait, did you use my healing potion or not?
I didn't hear it being used.
No, no, no.
No, I gave it back and I said,
We gotta kill this guy!
Hey, we're on your side, bro.
I go up to one of his spider legs and I go,
Oh, no, I don't have anything, but I just wanted to know that-
You're taunting him.
Well, uh, I'm not taunting him.
No, he's trying to-
I give him some skittles.
Kill him lowly!
A lot of times, like, like, like, like,
like, shock is what'll kill you.
If people think that it's no big-
I say, you know, I had a spider brother,
this same thing happened to him, and he's fine.
The same thing that happened to him is that you killed
three generations of his babies.
Obviously, some mistakes have been made.
I pull Mulraine aside, knowing it's her turn next,
and I go, look, I'm a barbarian.
Let's kill this piece of shit.
Fuck yeah.
Yeah.
You're a lie false flat, Sharpie.
Wait, I don't like you, no, never mind.
You don't like me?
No, but I do like you.
Yeah, we like you.
Sorry, I was kidding.
You're a lie false flat.
It doesn't work.
Well, Mulraine-
He's not buying it.
Well, I feel bad.
I feel, I mean, I, look, Mulraine,
do you have anything that can-
What is-
We got him on the ropes, I mean.
Maybe he could-
I have sleep arrows.
Can at least knock him out.
It's like in, you know, what was it, thin red line.
You know, just give him a lot of sleep arrows
and like a little drift off.
I don't know how to kill animals.
Can we have a little power on,
decide exactly what we want out of this?
Oh yeah, she's from a no kill shelter.
She's the wrong person, dude.
Why don't you just steal some money from the spider?
What if I could?
And then we'll be okay.
Alright, let's just kill him.
What are, what are, what are merciful arrows?
Merciful arrows deal extra damage,
but they only deal non-lethal damage.
So you can, if you're trying to knock people out,
you can stab them full of merciful arrows, no problem.
But yeah, they won't die.
I have a bedroll.
I'd like to wrap it around the spider's head.
What?
Yeah.
Just drape it over.
That's a successful throwback.
That's like a critical hit on throwback.
Okay.
And they go shh, shh, shh, shh.
I start singing to it.
To lull it to sleep.
What do you sing?
Yeah, you know what I sing.
I'd like to hear it.
Hit it more right.
Alright, I would like to shoot
one sleep arrow.
Alright.
Loosing a sleep arrow from your bow.
You strike him directly in the face.
Lady and Red!
He loses consciousness to the dulcet tones
of Christopher's sweet, sweet voice.
I put a giant glass over it
and then slide a huge 60-foot piece of cardboard
under the glass.
I would almost never suggest this,
but I suggest quark.
If you want to fuck something,
now's the time to do it.
You want a story for your friends.
Okay.
Under one condition.
Somebody takes a photo of it.
I lift up the glass
and I get inside the glass
with the sleeping mutilated spider.
What's the D&D equivalent of a photo?
As a...
You can make an illusion about it.
Let's all just stand and watch
and really let it sink in.
It's really absurd.
I go over to the glass
and I lift it up.
There's no glass.
I don't have a giant glass.
I panted my butt like you did it.
I'm putting the glass back down.
This is a misuse of my song.
This is not what I meant.
I can't hear you because I'm in the imaginary glass right now.
I go up to the spider
and I slowly pull the bedroll back off its head.
And I say...
I cover Coco's eyes.
And I just start fucking that spider.
But as I'm fucking him,
I'm giving him posts of subconscious suggestions
of the look.
We're going to let you live.
And when you're awake,
we're going to heal you.
And if you want to come with us, you can.
But I'm going to fuck you every night.
And then I take out my giant sword
and I drive it straight to the back of the spider's neck.
Wait, what?
You're just a scumbag.
Shut up, you guys. This guy tried to kill us all.
You're a fucking scumbag.
You're a scumbag.
But you just told him...
I was this intricate deal there.
We're going to let you live, but then we're going to listen to you.
I'm making fun of all of you guys.
You just wanted to fuck something as it died.
Taking out my sword.
You wanted to go from living for dead
and living to dead with you inside them.
That's what you wanted.
I'm not denying that.
The penis is evil.
But the sword is good.
Hoisting my sword.
Out of its sheath,
I drive it straight down,
like Matador-style,
to the back of the spider's head,
with a sickening fluff.
It pierces his head easily.
Brains ooze out.
You did tonight.
I call out father!
As I assume, a little bit of spider blood splashes my face.
They catch me weirdly masturbating on my own.
So is the spider dead?
Yeah.
You put your sword through his head.
You know what?
And you'll pee this through its blood.
That's our time.
But thank you for coming to Harmontown tonight.
We did it!
Thank you, Stephanie.
Thank you.
Stephanie is Mulray and Sedana.
Thank you again, of course.
Spencer Crane.
Thank you, Tyler, and the e-cigarette.
Thank you, Bill.
Violation Theory.
One more time for Kameo Manziani,
as always.
Thank you, Kameo.
Get well, Erin McGathy, wherever you are.
I've been Jeff Davis again,
as your com totaler.
One more time for Dan Harmon,
the mayor of Harmontown.
Good night.
And drive safe.
God bless you.
We love you.
Nessie.
Nessie, you're in the show.
You just kill a spider and you fucking play Zalion.
Yeah, how did we not just land up on that now?
Fuck a spider.
Kill it and play some E.L.O.
I'm gonna just get out of here.